GH-8680: Check DB for table on start (#8690)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/whats-new.adoc

The `KafkaMessageSource` now extracts an `ErrorHandlingDeserializer` configuration from the consumer properties and re-throws `DeserializationException` extracted from failed record headers.
See <<./kafka.adoc#kafka-inbound-pollable, Kafka Inbound Channel Adapter>> for more information.

[[x6.2-jdbc]]
=== JDBC Support Changes

> The `JdbcMessageStore`, `JdbcChannelMessageStore`, `JdbcMetadataStore`, and `DefaultLockRepository` implement `SmartLifecycle` and perform `SELECT COUNT` query in their `start()` method to be sure that required table (according to the provided prefix) is present in the target database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `JdbcMessageStore`, `JdbcChannelMessageStore`, `JdbcMetadataStore`, and `DefaultLockRepository` implement `SmartLifecycle` and perform a`SELECT COUNT` query, on their respective tables, in the `start()` method to ensure that the required table (according to the provided prefix) is present in the target database.
```
